As a father, I never expected
this to happen to my family.
One day, my son came home from work
and told me that he had committed a sin.
I asked him if it was serious,
and he said that it was.
When my son confessed,
I felt incredibly sad
—this deep pain—
because I really wasn’t expecting this from him.
I was very aware that the greatest love
we should have should be for Jehovah,
and that gave me the strength
to encourage him to seek spiritual assistance.
I said that the wise thing for him to do
would be to seek Jehovah’s help
through the elders, to talk to them about it.
Regardless of what would happen
to my privileges,
I knew there would be other consequences.
I knew that no matter what,
this was going to hurt my family.
Later, I regained my privileges.
As a father,
I am extremely happy
to see my son serving Jehovah
wholeheartedly alongside
his wife, who’s a pioneer.
What matters most for us as humans
is to make Jehovah’s heart rejoice.
And we’ve been richly blessed,
and that means that all that we went through
was worth the effort.
We’re happy.
We’re glad to be serving Jehovah,
and he has blessed us
with wonderful privileges of service.
As elders, we need to be courageous
to stand up to difficult situations,
knowing what is right.
We know that Jehovah is aware
and that he sees everything.
We need to protect Jehovah’s name,
which is so important
because of Satan’s challenge against it.